mutool: cleanup page (#12223)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mutool.md

# mutool

> Convert, query information and extract data from PDF files.
> More information: <https://mupdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mupdf-command-line.html>.

> - Convert pages 1 to 10 into 10 PNGs (Note: `%nd` in the output placeholder must be replaced with a print modifier like `%d` or `%2d`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convert a range of pages into PNGs (Note: `%nd` in the output placeholder must be replaced with a print modifier like `%d` or `%2d`):
```

> `mutool convert -o {{path/to/output%nd.png}} {{path/to/input.pdf}} 1-10`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mutool convert -o {{path/to/output%nd.png}} {{path/to/input.pdf}} {{1-10}}`
```
